# IA: Impact Analysis 

## Dependency
IA depends on:
- *Graphviz*
- *Yaml-Cpp* 

See Dependency installation [guide](/dep_install.md) guide for how to install dependencies.

## Installation

Once you have the dependencies installed, you can install *IA_tool* as follows (assumption, our current working directory is IA_tool inside where you cloned rsia):

* Make a new folder *build* for compiling the executable

```bash
mkdir build
```
* Export cmake based make files into the newly made build folder
```bash
cd build
cmake ..
```
* Compile the executable
```bash
make
```
## Usuage

To execute the *IA_tool*:
```
./GraphTraversal <launchFile>
```
Launch file tells IA about input and output file locations as well as provides options to simulate traditional vs modified Impact set generation approach. Here is an example launch configuration file contents with default values:

```yaml
YAMLFileList: FileList.txt
graphOutFilename: graph.gv
analysisOutFilename: analysis.txt
affectedCompFilename: AffComp.txt
stoppingColorsFilename: StopColors.txt
```

Where each key-value pair are explained below:

* **YAMLFileList**: stores the link to a file storing all the file paths to component files generated by DA phase. An example FileList.txt is shown [here](/examples/IA_files/FileList.txt) here. 

* **graphOutFilename**: output file path for the system dependency graph generated. This graph also shows the impact set by making nodes and edges bold for the components that are impacted by a change.

* **analysisOutFilename**: output file path for impact set analysis.

* **affectedCompFilename**: input file path for a file which defines what component(s) are changed. Inputs can be:
	1. A *newline* seperated list of names of each changed component. 
	2. An *Empty* file, meaning no component has changed and the output is just the dependency graph without performing any impact analysis.
	3. input can be `all_individual_nodes` or `all_individual_topics` meaning perform impact analysis on each component (node or topic) of the system in isolation.

* **stoppingColorsFilename**: input file path for defining independent paths. Currently, you can leave the file empty (but should exist) for a traditional impact analysis or enter *green* to simulate rsia. 
**Note**: we have mapped Dependent edges to red and Independent edges to green. Hence, green as a color in stop file will suggest stop exploring upon reaching an independent edge.  